docs(contributing): clarify locale PR rules (#2399)
faker-js/faker: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Adding new locale or updating existing one

After adding new or updating existing locale data, you need to run `pnpm run generate:locales` to generate/update the related files.

> Please split your PRs into one per category (e.g. person, location) to simplify/speed up reviews.

Reviewer: I fear that mentioning the PR process might be 6 late for most people. I don't think that most people will structure their comits in a way to be able to split them into different branches and thus PRs. That why j tried to rephrase it so you have to start thinking as soon as you do changes, not when creating PR. I also did go in more detail on the explanation. 

```suggestion
Please only change files related to one module (e.g. person, location) whenever possible. This can simplify/speed up the review process. Additionally, it allows the maintainers to track PRs in a meaningful way by adding related labels.
```

Author: Nice. I tried multiple variants myself beforehand but I was never satisfied.
I was probably to close to the issue to see the broader horizon. 
Thanks for your suggestion! ❤️
